Revise targeting docs (#570)
configcat/docs: website/docs/targeting/feature-flag-evaluation.mdx

### Evaluation of a Segment Condition

> The SDK looks up the segment referenced by the condition and evaluates the condition described by the segment similarly to [User Conditions](../targeting-rule/user-condition). Then, the result is checked against the comparator. In the case of **IS IN SEGMENT**, the result of the Segment Condition will be the same as the result of the segment. In the case of **IS NOT IN SEGMENT**, the result will be negated.

Author: ```suggestion
The SDK looks up the segment referenced by the condition. Then evaluates the condition described by the segment similarly to [User Conditions](../targeting-rule/user-condition). Finally, the result is checked against the comparator. In the case of **IS IN SEGMENT**, the result of the Segment Condition will be the same as the result of the segment. In the case of **IS NOT IN SEGMENT**, the result will be negated.
```

If the segment evaluates to `cannot evaluate`, so does the Segment Condition.

The evaluation process stops if the referenced segment is missing, and the SDK will return the [default value](../targeting-overview#default-value). (Though this can happen only when using the [flag overrides](../../sdk-reference/js/overview#flag-overrides) feature with invalid data.)

## Evaluation of Percentage Options

[Percentage Options](../percentage-options) are designed to be _consistent_ and _sticky_ across all SDKs, which means that users with the same attributes fall in the same group and get the same feature flag value across the supported platforms as long as the percentage split is the same.

The SDK looks up the [Percentage Evaluation Attribute](../percentage-options#percentage-evaluation-attribute) in the [User Object](../user-object), then:
- The SDK creates a hash from the combination of the specific feature flag's key and the Percentage Evaluation Attribute's value.
- The hashing algorithm assigns the user a number between 0 and 99.
- The assigned number determines which group the user falls into, i.e. which Percentage Option applies to the user.

> The fact that the above algorithm is implemented across all SDKs guarantees [stickiness](../percentage-options#stickiness) and [consistency](../percentage-options#consistency).

Author: ```suggestion
The fact that the above algorithm is implemented across all SDKs guarantees [stickiness](../percentage-options#stickiness), [consistency](../percentage-options#consistency) and [randomness](../percentage-options#randomness).
```

> By hashing the combination of the feature flag's key and the user attribute, we ensure diverse user groups for different feature flags. In other words, the algorithm prevents the same users from being assigned to the same Percentage Options for different feature flags.

Author: ```suggestion
By hashing the combination of the feature flag's key and the Percentage Evaluation Attribute's value, we ensure diverse user groups for different feature flags. In other words, the algorithm prevents the same users from being assigned to the same Percentage Options for different feature flags.
```

:::info
The evaluation process is entirely implemented within the SDKs, meaning your users' sensitive data never leaves your system. The data flow is one-way – from ConfigCat CDN servers to your SDKs – and ConfigCat does not receive or store any attributes of the [User Object](../user-object) passed to the SDKs. This design prioritizes the privacy and security of user data.
:::

### Example scenarios for Percentage Options

> Imagine you have two users, Jane and Joe, and you're experimenting with two different feature flags (**isTwitterSharingEnabled** and **isFacebookSharingEnabled**) that use percentage-based targeting. In these scenarios, we see how Percentage Options allow for a controlled and gradual rollout of features, ensuring a smooth transition for users like Jane and Joe.

Author: ```suggestion
The following scenarios show how Percentage Options enable controlled and gradual rollouts of features.

Let's imagine the following setup:
- you have two users: Jane and Joe,
- you have two features flags: **isTwitterSharingEnabled** and **isFacebookSharingEnabled**,
- the feature flags use percentage-based targeting,
- the Percentage Evaluation Attribute is the users' identifier.
```

| ---- | ---------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| Jane | 8 < 40 <br/>→ **ON**                          | 64 >= 10 <br/>→ **OFF**                        |
| Joe  | 32 < 40 <br/>→ **ON**                         | 12 >= 10 <br/>→ **OFF**                        |

4\. **Rolling Back to a Safer 10% ON / 90% OFF**

Same setup as in Step 2.

There are cases when you want to roll back a feature flag to a safer state. In this case, you can change the Percentage Options to 10% ON / 90% OFF again. The sticky nature of percentage-based targeting ensures that the same user base is served **ON** as in Step 2, not another random 10% of users.

|      | isTwitterSharingEnabled <br/> 10% ON / 90% OFF | isFacebookSharingEnabled <br/> 10% ON / 90% OFF |
| ---- | ---------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| Jane | 8 < 10 <br/>→ **ON**                          | 64 >= 10 <br/>→ **OFF**                        |
| Joe  | 32 >= 10 <br/>→ **OFF**                       | 12 >= 10 <br/>→ **OFF**                        |

5\. **Final Step: Moving to 100% ON / 0% OFF**

> After testing the feature flags, you can safely move them to 100% ON. This will enable the features for all users.

Author: ```suggestion
After testing the feature flags, you can safely move them to 100% ON. This enables the features for all users.
```
